c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\MyTestApplication.dll.config
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\MyTestApplication.dll
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\MyTestApplication.pdb
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\obj\Debug\MyTestApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\obj\Debug\MyTestApplication.dll
c:\users\lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\obj\Debug\MyTestApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\AuthenticationLibrary.dll
C:\Users\Lena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyTestApplication\MyTestApplication\bin\AuthenticationLibrary.pdb
